TC1 Sign in to Complex app (existing user, follows other users)
Preconditions: user has an existing account
STR:
1. User opens https://qa-complex-app-for-testing.herokuapp.com/
2. User fills in 'Username' input field
3. User fills in 'Password' input field
4. User press 'Sign in' button
ER:
1. 'The Latest From Those You Follow' message is displayed
1.  Username is displayed in the header
2. 'Create post' button is displayed
3. 'Sign out' button is displayed


TC2 Create new post
Preconditions: user is logged in and on home page
STR:
1. User clicks on 'Create post' button
2. User fills in 'Title' input field
3. User fills in 'Body content' text
4. User selects 'Unique' check-box
5. User selects value from drop down
6. User clicks on 'Save new post' button
ER:
1. 'New post successfully created' message is displayed
2. 'Posted by [USER] on [DATE]' text is displayed
3. Title and Body content used in Step 2 and 3 are displayed
4. 'Edit' and 'Delete' buttons are available
5. 'Note: This post was written for [Value from step5]' text is displayed


TC3 Search existing post
Preconditions: user is logged in and on home page,  post was created
STR:
1. User clicks on search magnifier in the header
2. User types in title of the post created in TC2
3. User clicks on search result that corresponds to search criteria from previous step
ER:
1.'Posted by [USER] on [DATE]' text is displayed
2. Title and Body content used in Step 2 and 3 are displayed
3. 'Edit' and 'Delete' buttons are available


TC4 Send new chat message
Preconditions: user is logged in and on home page
STR:
1. User clicks on chat icon in the header
2. User types in message in appeared chat window
3. User clicks enter
ER:
1. Entered message is displayed in the chat box
2. Button to close the chat box is available


TC5 User follow functionality
Preconditions: user is logged in and on home page, test user&post to be followed are created
STR:
1. Click on search magnifier
2. Enter post title created by user to be followed and click on it in the search result list
3. Click on username near 'posted by' text
4. Note number of 'followers' and click on 'Follow' button
ER:
1. 'Successfully followed [Username]' message is displayed
2. 'Stop following' button is appeared
3. Number of followers is increased by one


